Add one-liner about using a VPN when working with restricted ISPs (#36485)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-setup-freecodecamp-locally.md

npm ci
```

> **NB:** If your ISP has certain network restrictions, the above step (2) may fail without warning. In such a case, you will need to install a VPN or proxy to get this step to pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get errors while installing the dependencies, please make sure that you are not in a restricted network or your firewall settings do not prevent you from accessing resources. Some solutions would be use to VPN services if possible and allowed in your environment.
```

Hi @Jo-IE 

Thanks for the PR. I think we should move this change to the troubleshooting area. Second we should update the language to be more neutral.

> If you get errors while installing the dependencies, please make sure that you are not in a restricted network or your firewall settings do not prevent you from accessing resources. Some solutions would be use to VPN services if possible and allowed in your environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you get errors while installing the dependencies, please make sure that you are not in a restricted network or your firewall settings do not prevent you from accessing resources. One solution would be to use a VPN service if possible and allowed in your environment.
```
